Add note to readme about new beta (#634)
openai/openai-python: README.md

You can find usage examples for the OpenAI Python library in our [API reference](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference?lang=python) and the [OpenAI Cookbook](https://github.com/openai/openai-cookbook/).

> ## Beta Release
> We're preparing to release a new version of the OpenAI Python library. This new version will be a major release and will include breaking changes. We're releasing this beta version to give you a chance to try out the new features and provide feedback before the official release. You can install the beta version with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Beta Release

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> We're preparing to release version the OpenAI Python library 1.0 version.

This new version will be a major release and will include breaking changes. We're releasing this beta version to give you a chance to try out the new features and provide feedback before the official release. You can install the beta version with:
```

Reviewer: @hallacy if we want extra eyes on this
